Adding example and clarifying what the command does (#892)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus.server.exe-command-line/checkservices.md

      --help                 Show detailed help for this command
```

## Basic example

> This example will check to see if all of the instances are running on the machine and start them if they are not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example checks to see if all of the instances are running on the machine and start them if they are not:
```
